com/theBreak/app/dataManager/UserManager.java
 com.theBreak.app.dataManager.UserManager
com/theBreak/app/model/alexa/RequestRO.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.alexa.RequestRO
com/theBreak/app/utils/UserFavUtils.java
 com.theBreak.app.utils.UserFavUtils
com/theBreak/app/model/alexa/ContextRO.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.alexa.ContextRO
com/theBreak/app/dataManagerImpl/PostgresUserFavManagerImpl.java
 com.theBreak.app.dataManagerImpl.PostgresUserFavManagerImpl
com/theBreak/app/model/userFavorites/UserFavorites.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.userFavorites.UserFavorites
com/theBreak/app/model/order/Order.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.order.Order
com/theBreak/app/model/userFavorites/UserFavoritesList.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.userFavorites.UserFavoritesList
com/theBreak/app/model/alexa/IntentRO.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.alexa.IntentRO
com/theBreak/app/model/order/OrderList.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.order.OrderList
com/theBreak/app/model/alexa/SessionRO.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.alexa.SessionRO
com/theBreak/app/model/alexa/AlexaRO.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.alexa.AlexaRO
com/theBreak/app/dataManagerImpl/PostgresOrderManagerImpl.java
 com.theBreak.app.dataManagerImpl.PostgresOrderManagerImpl
com/theBreak/app/dataManagerImpl/PostgresUserManagerImpl.java
 com.theBreak.app.dataManagerImpl.PostgresUserManagerImpl
com/theBreak/app/dataManager/OrderManager.java
 com.theBreak.app.dataManager.OrderManager
com/theBreak/app/model/alexa/ResponseRO.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.alexa.ResponseRO
com/theBreak/app/utils/UserUtils.java
 com.theBreak.app.utils.UserUtils
com/theBreak/app/MappingController.java
 com.theBreak.app.MappingController
com/theBreak/app/model/alexa/OutputSpeechRO.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.alexa.OutputSpeechRO
com/theBreak/app/TheBreakApplication.java
 com.theBreak.app.TheBreakApplication
com/theBreak/app/utils/OrderUtils.java
 com.theBreak.app.utils.OrderUtils
com/theBreak/app/model/user/User.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.user.User
com/theBreak/app/model/alexa/SlotsRO.java
 com.theBreak.app.model.alexa.SlotsRO
com/theBreak/app/dataManager/UserFavManager.java
 com.theBreak.app.dataManager.UserFavManager
